what did you think of raw from one day
night because and the reason i ask is
because we didn't have the reading a
triple age we didn't have Stephanie we
didn't have Brock I thought it was a
good show not grape I those a good show
but yet the rating did not reflect that
because they did I guess it's the second
lowest non-holiday raw rating since 1997
with no competition there was no NFL
football there was no NBA Finals there
was nothing I think it boils down to a
lot is you're showing the same matches
all the time mean the tag match that was
announced like how many times have we
seen a tag match and all these it you're
not giving anybody a reason to what's
different about this show that we
haven't seen on Smackdown or raw prior
and I think that's been the problem is
you know it's been a little I think
that's a big thing that what do you
think's missing right now from that show
because I think when you look at it
there's when you don't have Brock Lesnar
on that show something is missing part
of it is because they are trying to back
off John Cena as a guy that they rely on
as a main event talent like he's still
very high up he's still very involved
but he's not gonna be the world champion
right now he I'm sure he's gonna be
world champion again but he's not the
focal point like you once was and and
that that could easily change but what
do you think is missing right now or
what do you think is a problem that
maybe is turning some people away just
the fact that like I said formats being
the same and i think the talent people
are a lot of them are fans are burned
out about seeing a lot of the talent and
they're kind of hurting as far as on the
roster and you know they're they're
using they have a lot of you know they
have some new guys that they're they're
pushing but that's the thing about NXT
is every week you see different guys and
every no they only have an hour so it's
just it's a different shoe quicker show
moves quicker and I think the pacing of
it is it makes it quicker and gives you
a reason to watch so they WB's missing I
mean they're too big I don't have to
give you a reason to watch the show I
think that wasn't that's the main thing
you want to do I don't know what
compelling I guess compelling more
compelling storylines and
instead of focusing on the same one
every week at the authority and and not
having you know Brock Lesnar there I
guess didn't you know doesn't help them
doing them any favors and he's the focal
point of the show is having you know
Brock Lesnar and Seth Rollins